links new development pole of the
state of são paulo
the municipality is ready to
receive expanding companies and new
business has the main factors
that guarantee business success in
increasingly competitive market
starting with the strategic location
links is in the west central region of
at the junction of two
major highways to marshal rondon
which connect the interior to the capital and br-153
which links the country from north to south
the railroad connects the municipality to
ports of santos rio de janeiro and
Itaguaí and Guaíba and also to Paraguay and
Bolivia
airport lucas nogueira garcez has
landing and take-off capability
even at night
complete the intermodality of transport
the Tietê Parana waterway that makes the
link this region to the states of
paraná mato grosso do sul goiás and minas
and four Argentine countries
Uruguayan paraguay and bolivia
and water is increasingly scarce in
many places here have in abundance
guaranteed by the Guaraní aquifer one of the
largest freshwater reservoirs in the
world
the electricity grid is
available to meet major demands
and the pipeline passes through Bolivia Brazil
here allowed access to natural gas
city is integrated with the most advanced
satellite fiber optic systems
ensuring data transmission with
efficiency and reliability
lins is a reference in teaching has more
of 50 university courses of various
vocational high schools
flexibility to train labor
qualified according to the
another differential is the efficient
public service structure
which ensures the population the
which is more modern in health education
sport culture and leisure
the result is who wins the index
human development is one of the
best of brazil according to the u
United Nations Organization
the city is the seat of a region
100-kilometer ray concentrates more
of one and a half million consumers with
great potential of consumption
therefore trade and the provision of
services are expanding
industry follows this growth
li is already one of the hundred municipalities
Brazil's leading export companies
to expand or install a new
company there is no better place
besides the promising scenario the city hall
has an advanced incentive policy
which includes the assignment or donation of
land differentiated program of
tax incentives and support for training
workforce
the doors of this strategic place to
your business is open to you
Come grow with us.
lins building a new time investing
in links is so good or live here